bush
we are two months without light until less of October for the victory the
athletic of alagoinhas
in his most recent work at the front of the vehicle
and could of the river poti present projects type of piracy
Andréia Cristiane
11 now facing the goalkeeper of the athletic the ball continues with victory
whose action not only the trophy this happens simão of the islet bridge in the
large-area throw made well coming to victory with injuries to the
couple
on the spot existed
an athletic-go goalie defense departed from the green river gives himself in the ball
between the bright color options and then kicked out she passed
taking ink off the dash
Is not it
then the marking of Leo Thiago
conceived by Indian
said bill
tried the pass to the ground under the control of a projection mind within the
large area stood up
angels person
Gilmar Iser
the attempt to pass with the carioca martyr seems to live and then we go there
front paulo
You know what you did.
the athletic player has an idiot and coming to victory within the area
I want to continue together
aldérico of the corner
Ricardo and James
vidal give the first bout
already on goal will appear or July 7 2 daddy activates the meeting
the player marcio carioca lost on top of the victory the ball
the one that put speed that is with apodi that I want to see advanced that today
left leg strike
ball passes to the right of the Christian goal
it's the victory again now
cut to the middle but the left itself if vilson jealousy sought support
of the capixaba by the right survey in the area joão semedo will head past
the worst starting now carries through the middle of the goal
the capixaba comes back
the traditional
ex to victory
the fig tree tried to diminish the advantage of life's victory
the breast of the foot on the flights of a defective cut promoted to monkey
but suzana kahn asked tasso received money from the product in completing the course with
the right leg hit ball slid into capixabão if the Jamaican group came back
way is hit the planet took advantage
with the ball pro idea of ​​color and sound system will still be able to be whatever
and three minutes of play in the second
the windless version the target
should give way to hope
now we can pay more expensive in the world
vedanta measured by the middle edil predict the move by the right with apodi in ireland
in greece should be the cut of düsseldorf
because the athletic-go got the turn
received in early adolescence
inside though the left sector again with sorato
a movie from yesterday in the river bicho with origin and destination of the subway
quintino santos and a new culture of freedom medel doing survey of
public safety of sao paulo
the bridge passed with him learned tried Indian published
the presidency of the senate
in the repertoire to stay overnight on the scoreboard
forward
the bigger cristiano also asks the ball
the two months after fast